# Streaming Secure Data with Kinesis, STS, and S3 Integration Using Terraform

The Nautilus DevOps team is working on a secure cloud-native architecture using Terraform. As part of this, they need to provision streaming and storage infrastructure using only the allowed AWS services supported by LocalStack.

Your task as a DevOps engineer is to complete the following:

1. Create a Kinesis Stream: Provision a stream named `xfusion-dev-stream` with `1` shard and a `24-hour` retention policy.

2. Create an S3 Bucket: Create a bucket named `xfusion-dev-9089`.

3. Use STS for Identity Check: Retrieve and print the current AWS Account ID using `aws_caller_identity`.

4. Ensure that the resources kinesis stream and s3 bucket are tagged with following:

   - `Environment : dev (both the resources)`

   - `Purpose : Stream ingestion (Kinesis Stream)`

   - `Owner : xfusion (S3-bucket)`
5. Add `local-exec` provisioners to output the creation messages and save them under the `/home/bob/terraform` directory. Specifically:

 - When creating the Kinesis stream, write the following message to a file named `kinesis_creation.log`:

 - "Kinesis Stream `xfusion-dev-stream` created"

 - When creating the S3 bucket, write the message to a file named `s3_creation.log`:

 - "S3 Bucket `xfusion-dev-9089` created"

 - When retrieving the STS caller identity, write the following message to a file named `account_identity.log`:

 - `"Logged in as account ID:<AWS account ID>"`

6. Create `main.tf` file (do not create a separate `.tf` file) to provision the kinesis stream, s3-bucket and retrieve the Current AWS Account ID.

7. Use variables.tf file with the following variables:

   - `KKE_ENVIRONMENT: dev`

   - `KKE_KINESIS_STREAM_NAME: Name of the Kinesis Stream (non-empty)`

   - `KKE_S3_BUCKET_NAME`: Name of the S3 bucket.

8. Use `terraform.tfvars` to input the variable values.

9. Use `outputs.tf` to output the following:

   - `kke_caller_identity_account_id`: current AWS account ID.

   - `kke_kinesis_stream_name`: name of the stream created.

   - `kke_s3_bucket_name`: name of the bucket created.
